h1. cvw_googleanalytics

Please note that OO Charts (which this widget uses) has changed its API. This widget won't work after 22 July 2013 and I've not had time to recode it for the new API. Sorry about that.

However, Paul Gregg has dome some great work with the new OOCharts API. His Spicy Analytics app/widget is described here http://support.grabaperch.com/index.php?pg=forums.posts&id=6731&pc=2 and you can download it from Github https://github.com/spicy-it/spicy_analytics

------------------------

A dashboard widget for Perch CMS that uses OOcharts to display page views, unique visitors and a chart of the data from Google Analytics (GA).

You will need to enter two ID values and the number of days GA data that you want to show (e.g the last 30 days) into Perch settings in order for this widget to work 

Download the zip file. Extract the files into a folder/directory called cvw_googleanalytics. Upload the entire folder to /perch/addons/apps.

When you login to Perch, the widget will be registered. Just enter the ID values and Number of Days in Perch settings and the GA data will appear in the Perch dashboard.

Perch version 2.0.8 required. 

h2. Google Analytics Profile ID and OOCharts ID

In order to use this widget, you will need 1) Google Analytics account Profile ID and 2) an OOCharts ID

To get the Google Analytics ID:

Log in to Analytics
Click on "Admin", top right
Select the account in which the profile you wish to use is located
Select the property you wish to use
Click the profile name you wish to use
Click the "Profile Settings" tab
The Profile ID is shown just after the profile name

To get the OOcharts ID
Go to https://oocharts.org/ and click the "Get OOId" link.

When you have these two values, add them into Perch settings along with the number of days data that you want to display.

h3. Note: 

This is a personal project for me to learn about Perch widgets. I'm aware that the code can be improved. You may also want to check out https://github.com/fantasticmachine/fm_analytics which is another Google Analytics widget.